mazda has completely redesigned the
premacy it's seven person minivan the
new model was released on july first the
development concept for the new premacy
was contemporary smart choice this van
has dual sliding doors and a flexible
interior where the seats can be arranged
in a variety of ways it's been developed
as a new family car that gives a sporty
ride an excellent fuel economy the Vans
exterior has a functional innovative
design with following curves which mazda
calls nagari meaning flow unlike
conventional box like minivans the
premise emacs a vibrant stylish
impression what do you dint a Minnesota
right there hello to Ricardo mizuno
moyano somehow put it into the show
guests the concept come on design
increment Iceland it's no more Yoakam
Akira so Tamara in punk rock duo no
monetary moga sabara signal intervene
info educate the mother eternity similar
so critically on a Chicano most good
money status it's rebounded and
innovation they put one of pseudo drop
zone Infante two fraternal attila no
shoujo you thought I la pagina woody did
I wish you sweet appoggiatura issue ho
to stick my innovations estate comment
the Samba mega harmoni nogaro is ok to
what my decision the motif in some
images Acadia an update or positive sign
up their critically more I should be
more a cocaine studios the whole town's
ok so keen oh right there's not a lot so
it's a mohammadi no could mention almost
it's good master the interior which
holds up to seven people is wide enough
for comfort but the premise is also easy
to handle with a turning radius of five
point three meters the interior also
expresses the concept of law from the
instrumental panel the seep stitching
what about 30 know your passport in a
majestic oh my gahh Sam I did cook
particular image they drive our choosing
to sew pokhara denton oh koo kanga
demography just icky the condo 1601
comfortable de mano you tell so today so
it cook on the patio Caracas the new
premacy model features masters unique
idling stop technology called I stop
this helps drivers care for the
environment without any conscious
effort as it stops and starts the engine
automatically when needed the new
premacy is twice that 1 million 799
thousand yen about 19,000 US dollars a
Mazda plans to sell 1800 units a month
in Japan pig info news